doc: Add note on exporting metrics (#1300)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/the-things-stack/management/telemetry/_index.md

{{< warning >}} Metrics are not covered by our compatibility commitment. This means that metrics may be changed or removed in major, minor, or patch releases. This page only lists metrics that are considered relatively stable, but even these metrics may be changed. {{</ warning >}}

> {{< note >}} Metrics are exported and available only when a corresponding action takes place in The Things Stack. For example, to get the connected gateway's metric (`ttn_lw_gs_connected_gateways`), a gateway should be connected to propagate that metric. {{</ note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} Metrics are exported and available only when a corresponding action takes place in {{% tts %}}. For example, to get the connected gateway's metric (`ttn_lw_gs_connected_gateways`), a gateway should be connected to propagate that metric. {{</ note >}}
```
